--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        Darcs Importer 1.0 (prerelease)
                           Copyright 2005, Playhaus
                      Born on 2005-09-22 to Jonathon Mah
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Darcs Importer uses a combination of two methods (both deprecated) to make
darcs repositories importable. Firstly, a _darcs/Contents/PkgInfo file is added
to the repo. This is an 8-byte file that contains a Mac OS type code and creator
code, in that order. The type code chosen to represent a darcs repository is
'DRep', and this is reflected in the importer's Info.plist file. The PkgInfo
file was deprecated in Mac OS X 10.2.

Secondly, the HFS Bundle Bit is set on the _darcs directory to make it appear as
a package to some tools. The Bundle Bit flag applied on folders was never
sanctioned, but used unoficially on Mac OS 9 (this needs checking). These
unconventional approaches are needed because the standard way of creating
packages requires the use of file extensions, and it would be nice if the darcs
code didn't have to be changed (to reference, say, "_repo.darcs" instead of
"_darcs").

The 'make_importable.sh' script makes these two changes automatically, given the
path to a _darcs directory.

The combination of these two modifications makes Spotlight see the _darcs
directory both as a single entity, and as a standard directory. That is, the
Darcs importer will run on the _darcs directory as if it were a package, picking
out the patch logs and authors. Each individual file will also be imported too,
such as files in the pristine tree. The latter is probably not completely
desirable, though.

When a change is made to a repository (e.g. after running 'darcs record'), it is
not automatically picked up by Spotlight. Instead, use the command:
    darcs record --posthook=mdimport\ _darcs --run-posthook
This will tell Spotlight to re-import the repository after a record.
